To summarize, for using I2C you need to setup your hardware as follows:
Connect FT232H D1 and D2 together with a jumper wire.  This combined connection is the I2C SDA data line.
Add a 4.7 kilo-ohm resistor from the I2C SDA data line (pins D1 and D2 above) up to FT232H 5V.
Add a 4.7 kilo-ohm resistor from FT232H D0 up to FT232H 5V.  This pin D0 is the I2C SCL clock line.


----------------------
if the PC cannot open FTDI, we need to replace the USB driver, using zadig.
maybe this has happened before on a separate USB port, try other USB ports and check first.

Note: Make sure to select the device with Driver equal to FTDIBUS and USB ID equal to 0403 6014! 
Click the up/down arrows on the driver select box to the right of the green arrow and select the libusbK driver as shown above.
Now click the Replace Driver button to replace the FTDI driver with the libusb-based driver.  After the driver replacement finishes you can close Zadig tool.
To check that the driver was successfully replaced, open Device Manager from Control Panel or searching in the Start menu.  You should see a new top level node libusbK USB Devices and the USB Serial Converter underneath it as shown below.


installing libftdi for python
using the libftd archive:

We need to copy some files from libftdi into Python's package directory.  Open another Explorer window and navigate to the location you installed Python earlier, typically C:\python27.  Inside the Python directory navigate to the Lib > site-packages folder.  Files you copy into this folder will be available globally as packages that your Python scripts can use.
From the libftdi archive folder, copy all the .DLL files from the bin folder into the Python site-packages folder, specifically:
bin\libftdi1.dll
bin\libftdipp1.dll
bin\libgcc_s_dw2-1.dll
bin\libiconv-2.dll
bin\libintl-8.dll
bin\libstdc++-6.dll
bin\libusb-1.0.dll
Then also copy in the files from the python2.7 folder of the libftdi archive into the Python site-packages folder:
python2.7\_ftdi.pyd
python2.7\ftdi1.py


installing adafruit GPIO library:
using the provided archive, just simply:
python setup.py install
